hey guys welcome to tip Tuesday where I
give you a quick video in a quick three
tip this week we're talking about how to
apply blush this is a question that I
got off my new facebook so you can um
add me on Facebook the link will be
below in the bottom bar these brushes
are from the crown royal I think it's
called so the this brush looks like this
okay this brush says blush brush on it
alright so this is the brush that they
say you're supposed to use for blush and
it's like a tapered brush look around
brush the bristles are very not too
dense okay I technically don't like to
use these but these brushes for blush I
use these more for like a highlight
color I like to use a contouring brush
for for blush it's brushes for
contouring because it has like an angle
you see the angle it has and this was a
little bit more dense I like to use this
one for blush because it perfectly has
an angle so you perfectly get that line
there's you're going to scoop up okay
and when you think of blush think of
like a sea motion so you want to
literally like have it on your cheek and
do it into a see like up here okay so
this is one of my favorite blush is it's
coralista blush and it comes with like a
brush like that but I don't really use
that so it's in a brush like a boss like
this and it smells so freaking good so
um there's like a million kinds of
blushes you can have this kind of blush
you can get at like Sephora and stuff
like that you can also use like a
coastal scents the blush and contouring
palette which looks like this and it has
two different blushes some highlights a
two different blushes a contour and some
highlights or whatever this is a really
cool palette as well so um and I also
have here this is a mac blush like this
but this is like a really reddish blush
and this one is called pinch me by Mac
so
just some of the ones that I grabbed
this is a drugstore blush milani it just
says powder blush oh wait so sunset
beach number seven so this is a blush
from there I am going to use this blush
that's my favorite so it's like a
pinkish blush what I do and I take my
angled brush I just work it in here
right so I get some product on my brush
I cops him off a little bit and then I
do a trick wry smile and I do an apples
in my cheek and I kind of go outside
like this and I want to make sure i get
some up here
tamiya think this is perfect because the
other brush is so around you kind of get
like a circle motion I guess I that that
kind of brush is good if you like to put
blush on your cheeks and go like this
like you know your cheeks then I guess
that's fine but I like to make sure i
have a more natural um blush line so
this one gives it a nice line cuz it's
angled so I can just easily swoop it up
and then I have that line right here you
know like a not like a noticeable line
but not where the blush is like seeping
down you know what I mean how much long
as it's really easy to apply blush I
love blush really I if I can only pick a
certain amount of things to wear I would
seriously just pick like mascara
concealer eyeliner and blush that's
really on it maybe some lip gloss that's
really all I need I can do without
foundation and eyeshadow and all that
stuff like that blush of it is like
liven up your face and bring some color
to your face especially after you add
foundation because it gives you an even
though it clears out your skin and gives
you an even coverage it still make sure
a whole face like one color you know
which is cool because I get rid of all
your discolored above patches and stuff
but you look kind of like just like one
color the bush can bring some liveliness
back to your face and stuff like that
and it's really pretty when you smile
cuz it's very your cheeks and stuff you
know so just real quick i'm going to
show you where you would highlight i'm
going to use the blush brush for
highlighting because it's more round i'm
going to take this white color right
here and just dab some on here so i have
that and then i'm going to just apply it
like right here you you want to apply
the highlight on the highest points of
your face okay and this is where um the
light will catch the highlight let you
can see all righty right now how like
right here is more brighter from the
light it because you're highlighting
your faith in the highest points the way
the light hits your face it like
reflects off there and again makes you
look more lively and stuff like that so
okay so just a little side note for you
guys um I have some stuff that I bought
for you guys for one I was going to do
it for my year anniversary on YouTube
which was actually this month so happy
anniversary but I decided to wait until
I hit too
subscribers I'm not that far away but
when I had two thousand subscribers I
have one of these three things that I'm
going to give away I haven't decided
which one yet I have a coach wallet so
this is not till I hit 2,000 subscribers
so make sure that's a crime a subscribe
button up there the yellow button that
says subscribe I have that I have this
and I have this so those three things
those three things are for you guys but
I'm not giving them away until I hit
2,000 subscribers so make sure you
subscribe if you want to win some really
cool cool stuff so yeah there's a little
side note for you guys so yeah um I want
you guys if you have any ideas for a tip
Tuesday to on my facebook write it on my
wall so i can go through them all and i
pick your tip tuesday i'm going to give
i'm going to mail your prize but you can
only request the if you want to win a
project has to be on my facebook so i
have one requested to a eyebrow shaver
which i'm going to do i was gonna do
that today but I'm like breaking out on
my forehead and I don't want to be all
close to the camera and you can look at
all mine in perfect just skin if that's
a word so I'm gonna put it on the back
burner just for a second and I'm
definitely gonna do that one I have a
couple others people requested so again
if you want to win a prize for
suggesting a tip Tuesday idea go to my
facebook and just leave it leave the tip
on my wall ok when I went to my facebook
will be below so you have this lipstick
that i'm wearing right now I know me get
some questions about it it's max girl
about town and it looks like this so
that's lipstick i'm wearing right now
yeah you like you it smells like
chocolate egg have a great day and I
will talk to you guys later and don't
forget subscribe because I wanted to DES
inscriber so i can give you guys away
some coach tough and secondly don't
forget to put on facebook link in the
bottom bar where you can add me as a
friend and then right
my wall I request for tip Tuesday so you
guys can get some free stuff and hope
you guys have wonderful wonderful rested
week and I will see you guys bye